hello friends what to say
30 thousand I happened today in the morning
went there
turned on the computer and it was already more of us
30 years old and when I went to bed it was without
five people thirty thousand
In general, such a century is good and I think that
it's like responsibility for us
a big
well what's the meaning of what to say and
trusts so many people will start
match not let and i
back to our idea
contests
and the only thing is that we are a little different
will we do it we have a reason for
contest for quiz for prizes yes here
our 30 1000 subscribers but if earlier
we got a number of prizes there
up to 40 and it's not even in the price there flags
there is a dozen flag 15 dollars to send
but it just takes a lot of effort
to gather information there she is
returns there is something else you thought
what will we do otherwise will we do
prizes are few and prizes themselves are expensive
so that's just been less
organizational hassle and to themselves
prizes which were more joyful
therefore, as such a seed
I suggest
speak out about how what
competitive announce me honestly
no such idea actually this
last competition where we spoke
send your videos and there these videos
It was so a thing under 40 that in general, too
quite some kind of buy
I don't know what to do
such a
that is, a competition that does not require
some kind of titanic administrative
effort but at the same time enough
creative and but such a cap is interesting
It was and those who are involved and those who
looks at the result here I have
since there are no ideas, I kind of declare
competition for competition means who
will come up with the competition that will be
the breeze will be good
there will be a competition itself there will be more
several prizes
so here I congratulate all of us on
this anniversary encore happy new year and
christmas and what went by
which is coming there Orthodox in general
all the practices that are
all this is all good and bright so i
I think we can all
relax a little
rejoice a little bit in good
mood
the longer the better and to the new
contests new meetings house taking
is happy